[Music]
welcome to the breakdown will we break
down all the messed up [ __ ] today I'm
revisiting my fifth disturbing breakdown
I uploaded called the bunny game which
broke my disturbing cherry personally
it's probably the reason why I don't
really feel affected by anything
regarding films like the ones I've
covered well either that or cutting
moments but the bunny game details of
prostitutes kidnapping and eventual
psychological and physical torture by
some random truck driver but anyway if
you wanna see what happens
including all the mesophyll parts stay
tuned for the breakdown the money game
starts out with gritty ambience before
showing us some torture that an unnamed
woman is going through it's sort of jump
scared me when I first viewed the movie
immediately after we can ascertain just
how unsimilar did the performances were
on set because she's actually sucking
ding-a-ling on screen it also seems
she's a prostitute of sorts but one with
plenty drug addiction issues really
she's already a victim not only is she a
slave to her own addictions and the
harsh career selling your body but she's
already dealing with plenty weirdos
that's what happened when you're in
these shrieks more than sesame anyway
this is the type of music playing in the
background doing her little intro
montage just so you get an idea to tone
in the movie at this point
[Music]
when the music exits more evil like
ambience comes in preceding her dealing
with other weirdos but this one be sir
would have built and makes her take it
rough
I'm sure the snore DC's was done before
the sex but like I said she is a victim
right in the beginning and it's only
gonna get worse for homegirl also she's
nameless according to some plot outline
her name is Sylvia gray but we would
just use the name mentioned in the
credits and call her bunny the other man
cared though the story is called halt so
just calling these characters names like
that makes the story more generalized I
think even if they ignored the
kidnapping torture part the film may
very well still be disturbing more
random scenes come right after showing
her doing her job and living off the
corners outside of that one blank room
she has sex in you could probably make a
prequel just as disturbing based on this
girl's backstory but it's not really
about her specifically next another
weirdo takes advantage of her being
drugged out once she wakes up she finds
perhaps her drugs or other important
things missing she got no choice but to
make some more money and gets back on
the streets of downtown LA and finds her
a place to potty while standing about a
truck driver scarce to miss out of her
he calls her over to his truck oh he is
called Paul by the way they snort
cocaine together and after he indulges
and her fingers telling that she is
nervous all the time by how clammy ur
hands are and also her bed nails she's
like do you want a [ __ ] for $30 but
he's like I gotta get to know you first
things get hectic after that he grabs
her and eventually suffocates her until
she passes out the monster in disguise
now has a new toy to play with
driving her up tours north of LA after
lots and lots of mouths later he gets
out biding time before starting his
extreme masochistic torture we see as a
camera set up which is the usual
we'll take for him he requires himself
fondling her body ripping her clothes
off stuff like that he's definitely off
his knocker though video footage of him
doing the same thing to two or three
different women play I think this last
day right here is bunny waking up to him
fondling her because right after she is
screaming her lungs out when I first saw
this movie I remember the screaming
unsettled me cuz I how Roy was but the
actress is not too unfamiliar with
screaming like that
she even performed song screaming like
this her screaming eventually calms down
into crying and she's just wastefully
inevitable but while she's waiting
she's probably viewing videos of him
torturing the minds of his previous
victims
he also shaves the heads of his victims
something his Kira victim will
experience right now he tapes it to a
makeshift seat in gasser cutting her
hair off right after a scary screen of
this sicko shows a mix but like always
it's just a precursor showing the
sickest game hog and bunny will play I
guess hours later she is dragged along
the neck throughout the abandoned area
hectic music plays before suddenly
stopping to show basically what this is
after he brings her back to the truck to
force her to swallow stuff nightmare for
me cuz I got a phobia of choking on
stuff so yeah bunny is going through it
and according to Hogg nobody's gonna
hear you we've been out here for almost
a week he says time is nobody's friend
doing all of this and scenes happened so
quick after each other but he eventually
tells her we're gonna play the bunny
game he's wearing his hog mess and she
is a bunny and he basically chases her
around that area again and after all
that he just tossed her with a knife
things are started to come to a close
though and we can tell that because hog
starts to radio for someone named Jonas
telling him to meet at a specific yep
familiar place right before everything
ends he brands bunny that night and
that's real branding right there that
the actress remembers just finally some
time later it appears she's
able to escape and she runs out nude and
laughing this situation shows her
escaping or something like that the
other situation is her in the Crucified
position seemingly ready to accept death
apparently these random screens show
that Hogg played another game with her
they will draw straws and whoever gets
the longest sraw wins we see bunny
winning by getting a long straw but what
exactly is winning in that situation
well we see your necks getting carried
away laughing manically then the front
of the truck is shown as a white van
comes up it's possibly that guy Jonas
that hog was radioing for in my original
video I was confused what was going on
here but someone gave me a despair field
idea apparently it seems hog is
delivering her to a human trafficker
that will make her a true sex slave it's
a hopeless thought but I feel it could
be a sufficient explanation and so the
movie is he drives away I think a lot of
us should understand that everybody
looks at disturbing films differently
sometimes people think a film is extreme
because it's gory or because it's got
very taboo scenes we should all agree
that things review differently and it's
stuff like this that gave me a headache
more than something like Solow or a
Serbian film it's because of the sounds
and the editing and stuff like that but
you know since this is my new video
I figure that I should show you what my
old video was just to show you how much
I've improved so look here welcome to
the breakdown we break down to mostess
third movies together then we cut to the
main character giving head to an unknown
man I'm just gonna show a picture
because this scene really looked like
straight-up porn we see that she's a
victim even in the beginning always
being treated like trash next we cut to
the girl who we will call bunny and she
gets called over by some bearded white
shrugged Robert bunny wakes back up and
it cuts through her screaming very
disturbingly
she wins and we sue the joy on her face
except next that's the last time we see
her face and the girl I actually
possibly died this was pretty freaking
too
curbing hope you guys aren't as broken
as I was anyway let's get to that spooky
stuff okay let's get right into it
my original most disturbing moment was
the screaming when buddy awoke but I can
get past that now my new most disturbing
moment is probably the ending it just
sums up the whole movie bunny was a
victim of all types of things even
before she got kidnapped and there's no
telling what she could be going through
now my original most enjoyment was
seeing bunny run away after seemingly
being left free I said it was because it
felt good to see her smile from once in
that whole movie you know what I think I
might keep that so that's it I hope you
guys enjoyed this simple reamain recap
of the bunny game when I say enjoyed I
don't mean what happened in the movie I
just mean the hard work that went into
making this video you're on the left is
I Spit on Your Grave playlists just
something a lot less hopeless and plus
what's more badass than saying a woman
killed some scum here on the right is an
inspired story about Sylvia lichens
showing just how evil our guardians can
be thanks for watching
spooky out